all right just a comparison video of the
ps2 leave a brown 9 South Beach call
away let's start off with the box for
the replicas
I got a LeBron tin box small that both
sides to him and this is the legit box
for the Rose box wise and the box is
super small on the replicas in there
both sides - all right let's get into
the shoe all right so on the Left we got
the reps right we got the rails start
off you can see that the pink on these a
darker pink this one is pink flash or
the tongue on these is leaning tongue on
this is stiff perfect playing the middle
zoom on this it's not popping and it's
not the right pink I like these popping
Nike swoosh now popping cotton fiber
fake like you to Sony's popping carbon
fiber real fly wires way too big and
it's going down my knees fly wire is
perfect right in the middle
small geotab leaning on knees don't stay
up perfect height wise and the both
sides tender new the rails look way
bigger reps look way small the to breeze
look just about the same that inside our
knees got the paint flash same thing
Nike basketball elite series with uh two
footprint that's the same thing but no
footprint saucin saucin bottoms the rows
have been worn so they're little yellow
when I'm gonna face clean green icy
bottom airbag
air bag on the fakes you can push it in
an air bag on the rules you can't carbon
fiber carbon fiber there's nothing there
just plastic flower yeah they got that
about right
but you see it way too clear on the face
fly on the full slabs got it on the face
in the pons logo more definition and
more color that's a comparison